my name is Ruby Lee I'm a sophomore at
Stanford right now I'm co-directing the
bassist BTW entrepreneurship boot camp
this weekend and what it is is it's a
Ford a national conference and we've
brought in students from colleges all
over the US and from Stanford and the
key is that all of them are working on a
startup idea so we've brought them all
together to this boot camp and put them
through workshops and seminars panels
and this morning we have the keynote by
Marissa Meyer and we've had a lot of
great speakers and the key is that they
come in with an idea and they leave with
an idea of how to start their venture so
these are all kids who want to be the
next Sarah gate Brin and Larry Page
basically I would say so for sure yeah
everyone's really looking forward to
merced Meyers talk this morning because
they want to be the next Google
hi I'm Liz Lessa lime junior at the
University of Pennsylvania and I'm
working on a startup called the virtual
dressing room or my virtual dressing
room and what it is is software where
you upload a picture of yourself a full
body picture and because we understand
that most people don't have the body of
the model or you know when you see a
mannequin I don't look like that
probably you don't look like that either
so you're able to actually see the way
that the shirt and the dress or the
shirts will actually look on you hi I'm
Nicole I'm junior at MIT and the Mercans
project called prickly so what prickly
does is basically enables people to send
physical postcards from online so you
would log into website upload the
picture or choose one of ours then
customize the picture write something on
the back and write the address and click
send and then we would take that picture
and send a physical copy of the postcard
to your friend or family hey so I'm
market am singer I'm from Olin College
in boston and i am here this weekend
working on a project called spot which
is location-based file-sharing it's
essentially giving a digital memory to
invisible location so what we're trying
to do is an example is actually this
weekend's conference we're all sitting
in a room you know taking speaker notes
speakers have all their information how
do we get that to everyone basically the
ideas you throw it up on the spot so
everyone would be able to access all
these documents download them forward
them put them up on facebook and then
you can go back to the spot and access
them at a later date my name is Lin Wang
I'm a senior at Yale University and I'm
working on a startup called good dollar
which is a social venture connecting
nonprofits with donors so the idea is to
kind of combine finance and philanthropy
and allow users to create charitable
savings accounts and allocate say like
four dollars a month to their account
every every month and eventually sort of
decide where to give that to based on a
crowd-sourced
so our company is called a tow truck and
we're trying to make an online website
or you can compete the save energy
amongst your friends let's written so
basically we comfort from the energy
environment background at Stanford and
so we're trying to create a platform for
competition to encourage green behavior
like taking public transportation using
energy efficient lighting and just
making it fun to incentivize further
energy changing measures and how is
being here this weekend helping you guys
out it's been fantastic it's my first
time at Stanford and it isn't this like
Silicon Valley area and you know there's
so much energy and a lot of people just
willing to help everywhere so it's been
a really great experience we should be
logging r is mine so let's talk a little
bit about bowls pots is that really
where my focus of things and then I'm
irrelevant and ties so different product
development as vectors weird awkward way
to drive an egg to the nectar is time
you're started here and the perfect
posit that will make users really really
happy to hear how are you get there and
there's kind of different philosophies
like you can't I and vulture way they're
all right and the nice thing is we won't
show me their and important I call this
the castle culture you can hold it here
it's closed build a castle behind
curtains sort of throw the curtains open
and see how the world responds to your
pocket and there sometime you could do
this with your mom or examine that was
the canonical example I'm sort of shrug
your shoulders and build something
amazing throw it out to the world as you
would have if you get it right you get a
good one problem is if you missed your
intended over here and you have a video
it was really awful dollars with you a
couple years smells so a google we've
had different philosophies matter
philosophy that innovation really
involves iteration that you watching
bird walk your way to not perfect
product so if people will release
something to data and will let our users
sort of pull us back online least
another day how to pull us back of line
ultimately get to product it works
really well but it is a period
generation and for us our users do
participating in the actual building
which is a good education of people of
something right willing to take out your
credit card paper even then I'm mark
Dempster I am the marketing partner at
sequoia capital and today is Saturday
which is the second full day of Stanford
and Princeton see boot camp this is the
first event that we've ever seen of the
first kind of organization we've seen
where they give students the frameworks
on entrepreneurship the frameworks on
business planning and then they have a
chance to go away and actually apply it
to their ideas and then they get a
chance to compete with others to
demonstrate their ideas and their in
their businesses so what's in it for
sequoia to support an event like this Oh
for us it's fantastic I mean on the one
level you have 25 schools represented
here across the 100 students that have
been hand selected by a committee and if
you look at the companies we were lucky
enough to be in business with whether
that was google with larry page and
sergey brin or yahoo with david Philo
and Jerry Yang or the folks from Cisco
and other companies they came out of a
university environment that's where the
innovation happens that's where the
energy happens that's where the fresh
ideas happen and we want to make sure
that we are hanging out with those
students wherever we can
you